Separate memory_usage. (#169)
dart-lang/leak_tracker: README.md

| Package | Description | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [leak_tracker](pkgs/leak_tracker/) | (work in progress, used by flutter_test) A framework for detecting memory issues for Dart and Flutter applications. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/leak_tracker.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/leak_tracker) |
| [leak_tracker_testing](pkgs/leak_tracker_testing/) | (work in progress, used by flutter_test) Leak tracking helpers intended for usage in Dart and Flutter tests. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/leak_tracker_testing.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/leak_tracker_testing) |
| [leak_tracker_flutter_testing](pkgs/leak_tracker_flutter_testing/) | Internal package to test leak tracker with Flutter. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/leak_tracker_flutter_testing.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/leak_tracker_flutter_testing) |

> | [memory_usage](pkgs/memory_usage/) | (experimental, used by Dart SDK) Functions to listen memory usage events and to auto-snapshot memory in case of overuse. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/memory_usage.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/memory_usage) |

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
| [memory_usage](pkgs/memory_usage/) | (experimental) Functionality to listen to memory usage events and to auto-snapshot memory in case of overuse. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/memory_usage.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/memory_usage) |
```
